Travel Website project made using Django for Software Development Academy's "Python from Scratch" course.

Basic overview - A website where a client can find various pre-made travelpackages. They can then book spots to those packages where travel, stay and event costs are all included. Currently, it is in it's basic form, meaning that there is no authentication system or payment integration. This is just a proof of concept work.

User side - The user can browse two types of travel-packages: Promoted and regular. The promoted package is featured at the very top of the home page along with its description. Currently, there can be only one promoted trip at a time. The regular trips are advertised under the promotional one, and can be scrolled through. Should the user want to know more, they can click on any trip and read its description. They can also search for specific trips by various factors, like where it departs from, where it arrives, etc. Once the user has selected a trip, they can try to book it by entering how many adults and children will be coming and if there are enough spots remaining on the trip, it will be successful. Should there not be enough spots left, the booking will fail. The price will be calculated automatically, depending on how many spots the client is attempting to book.

Admin side - The admin can create new trips and edit existing ones. They can add all the relevant information necessary about the trip, which right now include: Trip name, city of origin, airport of origin, destination city, destination airport, hotel, description, image displayed on the home page, departure date, return date, adult price, child price, type of board at the hotel, number of places for adults, number of places for children and whether or not it's promoted. They can also see all bookings made by clients, including the client's name and email. They can also delete bookings, should the need arise.
